I'm tired of trying to find happiness through lies and self-medicating. If you need me, I'll be at the bar. We'll have to find something to do so that people can look at you without wanting to kill themselves. We all need to pick a day to try and make trend. I think the only time you cooked for us was the morning Rosa's mom died. You gave us cereal in an ashtray. Yo quiero leche. Yo quiero leche de madre.

WHY was this show cancelled? I mean, COME ON. That's so you can videotape it when they put you in a naked pyramid and point to your Charlie Browns. Go ahead, touch the Cornballer. I prematurely shot my wad on what was supposed to be a dry run..so now I'm afraid I have something of a mess on my hands.

Taste the happy, Michael! Taste it! If I wanted something your thumb touched, I'd eat the inside of your ear. Yo quiero leche. Yo quiero leche de madre. Gosh Mom… after all these years, God's not going to take a call from you. Stop it, stop it. This objectification of women has to stop. Michael: It's just Mom and whores.

I'm sure Egg is a great person. Smack of ham. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something?

George Michael, you want to put your head down there by his drainage shunt? I know what an erection feels like, Michael. No, it's the opposite. It's like my heart is getting hard. Uncle Gob… was Aunt Lindsay ever pregnant? Yeah, sure, dozens of times. Sister's my new mother, Mother. And is it just me or is she looking hotter?

George Michael, you want to put your head down there by his drainage shunt? Buster, what are you doing with mother's rape-horn? A million [bleep]ing diamonds! I just don't want him to point out my cracker ass in front of Ann. And although the intervention didn't work, it turned into one of the Bluth family's better parties. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something?

Each year, Oscar attempts the four hundred mile walk from Newport Beach to Berkeley, California. In the twelve years that he's attempted this, he's never made it farther than UC Irvine. Who? i just dont want him to point out my cracker ass in front of ann. That was Tom Cruise, the actor. Lucille: They said he was some kind of scientist. I guess you can say I'm buy-curious. So Ann, the question is, do you want a man or a boy? I know how I would answer. Did Ted make an appointment? No. Well, then Ted can GET THE HELL OUT OF THIS OFFICE! YOU GET THE HELL OUT!

Do you have any idea how often you say the word "afraid"? Well, I know I used it in the Jacuzzi. There's unlimited juice? This party is gonna be off the hook.

Yes, Annyong. Your name is Annyong! We all know you're Annyong! If I make this comeback, I'll buy you a hundred George Michaels that you can teach to drive! There's a new daddy in town. A discipline daddy. She calls it a mayonegg. What have we always said is the most important thing? Fried cheese… with club sauce.

[climbing under trampoline] This shall keep me safe from the hot Mexican sun. And the soup of the day is bread. Speaking of settling, How's Ann? I was once called the worst audience participant Cirque du Soleil ever had.

update test